# Just for fun: post number 1 :)
	
Reading about the recent release of openai's [GPT-2 model](https://openai.com/blog/gpt-2-1-5b-release/) and having recently read through Berkeley's ["Venture Capitalists Oral History Project"](https://bancroft.berkeley.edu/ROHO/projects/vc/transcripts.html) I decided to finetune the former with the latter. Below are its first responses.

Question ("How did it all start?"):
- "Robertson: Well, I was an early investor; I was at Adage until ’51 when we made the decision that we wanted to continue with the family partnership rather than make another investment decision. And so, at the time, Adage was probably the best place to begin in terms of attracting young, good people. The business turned out—again, it was a very complicated business to pull in all kinds of background. There were people doing all kinds of things. There were pension—I remember the pay-to-play scandal that occurred there in the early ’50s probably is one of the oldest."
- "Hambrecht: Well, I was sort of twenty years old. And I had gotten a master’s degree, which was not a new event. I had started a small grocery store in semiconductor company that had been spun out as a university division. Ken [K.] Allen had been graduated from Stanford and had been running for the senate, and we were going to do the same thing. Ken Ellen was going to teach at Stanford, and so I thought about taking him for a senate position. Of course I thought it would be a great idea, but I hadn’t thought about running for president. So why wouldn’t I be interested? So I applied to Harvard to have considered. Ken Allen had thought about it and narrowed it down to two things. One wast hat I thought that being a senator was a great idea, and that being too politically active would be a hindrance to my other goals of being a good senator and fighting corruption."
 - "Valentine: I’m just going to go back to my class at Rowan Gaither’s highschool in Winston, Ohio, back to my family and friends in Palo Alto. One of the original students at Stanford John Wilson High School, this was in the hills west of here. Our school used to teach in the early sixties, but it moved around in cylinders.The first thing I did when I was in class was take my set of papers down and put them in a cylinder. And each paper went through a separate chamber, for different reasons. First of all, I thought I’d just run out of stuff to readjust my computer to make it work. Well,what if I had all this stuff in my program? What if I just had the basic stuff? What if I wanted to just have all this stuff organized into groups? What if I just set me up?What if I wanted to subscribe to a certain radio station every month and get all the other things going on the program, at a later date? What if I just picked anyone school music program and got all the other stuff organized into groups, and then decided I wanted to go to Stanford instead."
 - "Myers: Well, a friend of mine ended up as the managing partner, and Jack Kingsley was on the board. Their firm was very successful and had some good people in it. Their client was another company that we did, and that was IVA, which was a high-tech company that was doing the first commercial communications yet. They were clients with some really good ones. It was a pleasure to represent him. I got to know him very quickly.He was at IVA, because he won the prestigious competition from which Draper, Gaither is named. It is an award gone now, given to outstanding companies in the country. This was in the news once every three months, as if there were a competition between companies.You know, we were not supposed to, and we were not supposed to only target a specific company. But we ended up going with it, because Jack Kingsley and James [K.] Blair were the two men I wouldn’t replace. They had some experience, but they were very bright.So I knew that, if we could find a place, we would."

 Question: ("whats your advice for young venture capitalists?")
- "Myers: Well, your general advice in terms of deciding what you would like to do in life and developing your life style? And yes, it’s evolved. You change the language of the visa. So you throw all the criteria in the top of things to do when you come to California. I think it’s evolved. Now, it’s very cumbersome, because at one time in time it required so many visas to all of them,and it took that much money to process all of them. And then, now, it’s much less burdensome. You write the acceptance form for all the visas,and in some cases, through your representative, you get a report able report back to you by an immigration lawyer, and that’s the way it used to be before. With all the documentation, it’s very iltail, and you couldn’t do it. So it’s much more streamlined today. All of that stuffs expensive." 
- "Hambrecht: Well, for me there are two reasons totally different to the peace time approach that some people adopt. One is that we live in a more post-industrialized world—in technology, obviously.We’re more worker-hours, and so the hours that go into developing your technology are different. And if you develop a better product or a better technology, you cut down on the hours that go into development. And in fact, you probably find that the Applied Bio system instead of being able to make a better product or a better widgets, they’re more worker-hours and therefore, they’re lower res.
- "Dennis: Well, start with the fundamentals."
- "Myers: Too early in venture capital. There’s a lot of money to invest. You don’t want to jump generations into the enterprise.I’m told today that some venture capitalists are really good at money. And they lost a lot of it."

## To run the model
1) Download the basic model my runing : download.py
2) Download the finetunes model from https://drive.google.com/file/d/1-7fm-M1ESOBsZva2YkKcgDm5o0gFMfkN/view?usp=sharing and unzip in current the directory
3) Run use.py

## Acknowledgement: 
The above was based on  Max Woolf's work here [gpt-2-simple](https://github.com/minimaxir/gpt-2-simple).

p.s. thanks for making this so easy man! 